#VERSION
This is Version 00.90.00 of the demo package.
#MENUKEYS
In a menu you can use the following Keys in the whole application:

   - CTRL-X        eXit the menu
   - CTRL-N        Go to next item
   - CTRL-P        Go to previous item
   - CTRL-U        Scroll up one line
   - CTRL-D        Scroll down one line
   - CTRL-F        Scroll down one page
   - PAGE DOWN     Scroll down one page
   - PAGE UP       Scroll back one page
   - CTRL-B        Scroll back one page
   - CTRL-Y        Clear pattern
   - CTRL-H        Delete last character from pattern
   - Backspace     Delete last character from pattern
   - CTRL-A        Next pattern match
   - CTRL-E        Previous pattern match
   - CTRL-T        Toggle item in a multi-selection menu
   - CR or LF      Select an item
   - HOME Key      Go to the first item
   - F3            Quit the menu
   - Cursor Down   Down one item
   - Cursor Up     Up one item
   - Cursor Left   Left one item
   - Cursor Right  Right one item
   - END Key       Go to last item
#FORMKEYS
   - CTRL-X	   eXit the form
   - CTRL-F	   Go forward to the next field
   - CTRL-B	   Go backward to the previous field
   - CTRL-L	   Go to the field left of the current one
   - CTRL-R	   Go to the field right of the current one
   - CTRL-U	   Go to the field above the current one
   - CTRL-D	   Go to the field below the current one

   - CTRL-W	   Go to the next word in the field
   - CTRL-T	   Go to the previous word in the field

   - CTRL-A	   Go to the beginning of the field
   - CTRL-E	   Go to the end of the field

   - CTRL-I	   Insert a blank character at the current position
   - CTRL-O	   Insert a line
   - CTRL-V	   Delete a character
   - CTRL-H	   Delete previous character
   - CTRL-Y	   Delete a line
   - CTRL-G	   Delete a word
   - CTRL-K	   Clear to end of field

   - CTRL-N	   Next choice in a choice field (Enumerations etc.)
   - CTRL-P	   Previous choice in a choice field.
#HELP
#HELPKEYS
You may scroll with the Cursor Up/Down Keys.
You may leave the help with the Function Key labeled 'Quit'.
#INHELP
You are already in the help system.
You may leave the help with the Function Key labeled 'Quit'.
#MAIN
This is the main menu of the sample program for the ncurses Ada95
binding. The main intention of the demo is not to demonstrate or
test all the features of ncurses and its subsystems, but to provide
to you some sample code how to use the binding with Ada95.

You may select this options:

   * Look at some ncurses core functions
   * Look at some features of the menu subsystem
   * Look at some features of the form subsystem
   * Look at the output of the Ada.Text_IO like functions
     for ncurses.

#MAINPAD
You may press at any place in this demo CTRL-C. This will give you a command
window. You can just type in the Label-String of a function key, then this
key will be simulated. This should help you to run the application even if
you run it on a terminal with no or only a few function keys. With CTRL-N
and CTRL-P you may browse through the possible values in the command window.
#MENU00
Here we give you a selection of various menu demonstrations.
#MENU-PAD00
This menu itself is a demo for a single valued, 1-column menu with
descriptions for the items, a marker and a padding character between
the item name and the description.
#MENU01
This is a demo of the some of the menu layout options. One of them
is the spacing functionality. Just press the Key labeled "Flip" to
flip between the non-spaced and a spaced version of the menu. Please
note that this functionality is unique for ncurses and is not found
in the SVr4 menu implementation.

This is a menu that sometimes does not fit into its window and
therefore it becomes a scroll menu.

You can also see here very nicely the pattern matching functionality
of menus. Type for example a 'J' and you will be positioned to the
next item after the current starting with a 'J'. Any more characters
you type in make the pattern more specific. With CTRL-A and CTRL-Z
(for more details press the Key labeled "Keys") you can browse
through all the items matching the pattern.

You may change the format of the menu. Just press one of the keys
labeled "4x1", "4x2" or "4x3" to get a menu with that many rows
and columns.

With the Keys "O-Row" or "O-Col" (they occupy the same label and
switch on selection) you can change the major order scheme for
the menu. If "O-Col" is visible, the menu is currently major
ordered by rows, you can switch to major column order by pressing
the key. If "O-Row" is visible, it is just the reverse situation.
This Key is not visible in "4x1" layout mode, because in this case
the functionality makes no sense.

With the Keys "Multi" or "Singl" (they occupy the same label and
switch on selection) you can change whether or not the menu allows
multiple or only single selection.

With the Keys "+Desc" or "-Desc" (they occupy the same label and
switch on selection) you can change whether or not the descriptions
for each item should be displayed. Please not that this key is
not visible in the "4x3" layout mode, because in this case the
menu would not fit on a typical 80x24 screen.

With the Keys "Disab" or "Enab" (they occupy the same label and
switch on selection) you can dis- or enable the selectability of
the month with 31 days.
#MENU-PAD01
You may press "Flip" to see the effect of ncurses unique menu-spacing.
The Keys "4x1", "4x2" and "4x3" will change the format of the menu.
Please note that this is a scrolling menu. You may also play with the
pattern matching functionality or try to change the format of the menu.
For more details press the Key labeled "Help".
#FORM00
This is a demo of the forms package.
#FORM-PAD00
Please note that this demo is far from being complete. It really shows
only a small part of the functionality of the forms package. Let's hope
the next version will have a richer demo (You want to contribute ?).
#NOTIMPL
Sorry this functionality of the demo is not implemented at the moment.
Remember this is a freeware project, so I can use only my very rare
free time to continue coding. If you would like to contribute, you
are very welcome !
#CURSES00
This is a menu where you can select some different demos of the ncurses
functionality.
#CURSES-PAD00
Please note that this demo is far from being complete. It really shows
only a small part of the functionality of the curses package. Let's hope
the next version will have a richer demo (You want to contribute ?).
#MOUSEKEYS
In this demo you may use this keys:

   - Key labeled "Help"  to get a help
   - Key labeled "Keys"  is what you are reading now
   - Key labeled "Quit"  to leave the demo

You may click the mouse buttons at any location at the screen and look
at the protocol window !
#MOUSE00
A rather simple use of a mouse as demo. It is there just to test the
code and to provide the sample source.

It might be of interest, that the output into the protocol window is
done by the (n)curses Text_IO subpackages. Especially the output of
the button and state names is done by Ads's enumeration IO, which
allows you to print the names of enumeration literals. That's really
nice.
#MOUSE-PAD00
This is a very simple demo of the mouse features of ncurses. It is there
just to test whether or not the generated code for the binding really
works on the different architectures (seems so).
#ATTRIBDEMO
Again this is a more than simple demo and just here to give you the
sourcecode.
#ATTRIBKEYS
You may press one of the three well known standard keys of this demo.
#ATTRIB-PAD00
Again this is a more than simple demo and just here to give you the
source code. Feel free to contribute more.
#TEXTIO
#TEXTIOKEYS
#TEXTIO-PAD00
#END
